We got a new feature. We got a new
animate with text tool which lets you do
really complex animations in seconds.
Check this out. I got this portrait of a
woman in a 128x
128 canvas. I'll go to animate with
text, the new one. And I'll prompt. The
hair grows longer and then turns gray as
she grows old. I'll hit generate. And
look at that. Pretty sick, right? Now,
let's check another character. So, I
prompted, "The vampire flies for a bit,
then turns into a bat with blood red
VFX."
And then once that was done, I selected
the bat as the reference and prompted
the bat to fly and throw fire from its
mouth. Just look at that. You can use
this in our Acbrite extension,
Pixelorama, or the creator tab on our
website. Make sure to check it out and
show us your generations on our Discord
server.